Updated Building Dependencies (#96)
vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io: src/Installation/guides/source.md

It is recommended to ensure that you have installed Wine 8.3 or above on your system, as Roblox requires a minimum version of 8.0 and may encounter stability issues under 8.3. 

## Building Dependencies

> If on Ubuntu, Fedora or Nixos you may need to install the dependencies needed by Gioui, Those can be found [here](https://gioui.org/doc/install/linux)

Reviewer: Like i said, dont copy paste this or the mentioned distributions.
```suggestion
You will need to install the dependencies needed by Gio. The documentation can be found [here](https://gioui.org/doc/install/linux)
You can disable the splash window provided by Vinegar (Which is implemented with Gio) by appending the `nosplash` build tag to the build parameters (`VINEGAR_GOFLAGS=--tags=nosplash`)
```
